Top Secret. Organic Occular EMF Observation Only.
Document Title: SS Greenshift.
~BEGIN DATA STREAM~

Cover Letter: Official Press Release upon ship Completion.
	The SS Greenshift is the prototype lead ship of the Greenshift class Stellar Transporters.
	Built mainly as a test bed for a new Coherent Radiation Shift engine, the Greenshift class is to have two sister classes.
	First, The Maneuverable Warships of the Gammashift class, with members Uniform-Victor, X-Ray, and Golf-Romeo,
	and
	Second, The High-Capacity Haulers of the Radioshift class, with members  India-Romeo, Mike-Whiskey, and Romeo-Whiskey.
	Greenshift has been chosen as the first to be built, due to being the most 'Renaissance' ship, enabling trials of both capacity and speed.
	
	Construction is now complete, and Greenshift is ready to journey into the Vast expanse above our worlds.
	
Section One. Construction and Engineering Specifications.
	1.1: Coherent Radiation Shift Documentation.
	Terms:
	Doppler Shift: The change in frequency or wavelength of a wave (or other periodic event) for an observer moving relative to its source.
	Coherent Radiation: Radiation in which the period and phase difference of all compromising waves is within close tolerance, and does not alter. Commonly Seen in Lasers.
	
	Abstract:
	The effect of Doppler Shift upon light waves and other massless particles is well known. Less explored, However, is that effect upon mass.
	One major problem that mass presents, however, is a lack of phase coherence. This tends to cause dissociation upon mass shift, most notably on the creation of the Alcubierre 'warp' Bubble.
	However, If the mass body is polarized before shift activation, and each specific material excited to produce cross-material coherent radiation, a safe shift can be performed.
	Excitation is currently created through gentle heating of the materials until their respective EM output matches a chosen wavelength.
	This has led to the nick-naming of this engine as "The Glowbug Drive", specifically because test spectrums ere selected within visible range to confirm operation.
	
	Body Text:
	[REDACTED]
	
	1.2: Greenshift Design Notes.
		Lower Wavelengths, with their higher amplitude at lesser power, are ideal for carrying capacity, whereas
		Higher Wavelengths, able to penetrate most blocking material and a higher total energy transference, are ideal for maneuverable strike craft.
		Therefore, for testing purposes, A middle ground has been selected. A test ship, of some 5 GigaTonnes, with a phase Frequency of 564 THz.
		She shall have a cargo carrying capacity of 500 KiloTonnes, and a minimum complement of Two Crewmembers, provided off-vehicle control is available and the Ship AI is providing System oversight and maintenance.
		The vessel's Travel Range shall be 500 Parsecs without Resupplying either Food, Water, Fuel or Electricity Reserves.
		The Bid has been Given to ArcTan Heavy Shipyards for construction, and will undergo testing as soon as she is Completed.
		
Section Two. Greenshift Test Report.
		
~END OF DOCUMENT. TERMINATING READOUT~	